[Event Hubs Client] Core Samples Overhaul (#16479)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs/samples/Sample05_ReadingEvents.md

## Read events from all partitions

The `ReadEventsAsync` method of the `EventHubConsumerClient` allows events to be read from each partition for prototyping and exploring, but is not a recommended approach for production scenarios.  Events are consumed as an [Async Enumerable](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/msdn-magazine/2019/november/csharp-iterating-with-async-enumerables-in-csharp-8), where enumeration will emit events one-by-one.  By default, reading starts from the beginning of partitions and all events present will be surfaced.  

Because an Event Hub represents a potentially infinite series of events, the enumerator will not exit when no events are available in the Event Hub partitions.  Instead, it will wait for more events to be published.  To stop reading, applications will need to either signal a [CancellationToken](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.threading.cancellationtoken?view=netcore-3.1) or call `break` from the body of the loop.  

> This example illustrates reading either 3 events or stopping after 45 seconds has elapsed, whichever occurs first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates stopping after either reading 3 events or 45 seconds have elapsed, whichever occurs first.
```

var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";
var consumerGroup = EventHubConsumerClient.DefaultConsumerGroupName;

var consumer = new EventHubConsumerClient(
    consumerGroup,
    connectionString,
    eventHubName);

try
{
    int loopTicks = 0;
    int maximumTicks = 10;

    var options = new ReadEventOptions
    {
       MaximumWaitTime = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1)
    };

    await foreach (PartitionEvent partitionEvent in consumer.ReadEventsAsync(options))
    {
        if (partitionEvent.Data != null)
        {
            string readFromPartition = partitionEvent.Partition.PartitionId;
            byte[] eventBodyBytes = partitionEvent.Data.EventBody.ToArray();

            Debug.WriteLine($"Read event of length { eventBodyBytes.Length } from { readFromPartition }");
        }
        else
        {
            Debug.WriteLine("Wait time elapsed; no event was available.");
        }

        loopTicks++;

        if (loopTicks >= maximumTicks)
        {
            break;
        }
    }
}
finally
{
    await consumer.CloseAsync();
}
```
## Read events from all partitions, starting at the end

> By default, reading starts from the beginning of partitions.  It is possible to request reading from the end of each partition instead.  One important thing to note is that when a consumer reads from the end of the partition, it will only see events that are published after the `ReadEventsAsync` call has been made; any events that were published to the partition before reading will not be visible.  As a result, any events to be read will need to be published in another process, another thread, or within the loop body.

Reviewer: Would it be valuable to call out the differentiating option that controls this read behavior?
```suggestion
By default, reading starts from the beginning of partitions.  It is possible to request reading from the end of each partition instead by setting `startReadingAtEarliestEvent` to `false`.  One important thing to note is that when a consumer reads from the end of the partition, it will only see events that are published after the `ReadEventsAsync` call has been made; any events that were published to the partition before reading will not be visible.  As a result, any events to be read will need to be published in another process, another thread, or within the loop body.
```

Author: Not sure that I follow...

Author: Good call!

}
finally
{
    await consumer.CloseAsync();
}
```

## Read events from a partition

The `ReadEventsFromPartitionAsync` method of the `EventHubConsumerClient` allows events to be read from a specific partition and is suitable for production scenarios.  Events are consumed as an [Async Enumerable](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/msdn-magazine/2019/november/csharp-iterating-with-async-enumerables-in-csharp-8), where enumeration will emit events one-by-one.  `ReadEventsFromPartitionAsync` targets a single partition, allowing consumers to request reading from a specific location in the partition's event stream by creating an [EventPosition](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/azure.messaging.eventhubs.consumer.eventposition?view=azure-dotnet).

Because an Event Hub represents a potentially infinite series of events, the enumerator will not exit when no further events are available in the Event Hub partitions.  Instead, it will wait for more events to be published.  To stop reading, applications will need to either signal a [CancellationToken](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.threading.cancellationtoken?view=netcore-3.1) or call `break` from the body of the loop.  

> This example illustrates reading from the beginning of the partition for 30 seconds, regardless of how many events are read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates the `CancellationToeken` approach, reading from the beginning of the partition for only 30 seconds, regardless of how many events are read.
```

    EventPosition startingPosition = EventPosition.Earliest;

    int loopTicks = 0;
    int maximumTicks = 10;

    var options = new ReadEventOptions
    {
       MaximumWaitTime = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1)
    };

    await foreach (PartitionEvent partitionEvent in consumer.ReadEventsFromPartitionAsync(
        firstPartition,
        startingPosition,
        options))
    {
        if (partitionEvent.Data != null)
        {
            string readFromPartition = partitionEvent.Partition.PartitionId;
            byte[] eventBodyBytes = partitionEvent.Data.EventBody.ToArray();

            Debug.WriteLine($"Read event of length { eventBodyBytes.Length } from { readFromPartition }");
        }
        else
        {
            Debug.WriteLine("Wait time elapsed; no event was available.");
        }

        loopTicks++;

        if (loopTicks >= maximumTicks)
        {
            break;
        }
    }
}
catch (TaskCanceledException)
{
    // This is expected if the cancellation token is
    // signaled.
}
finally
{
    await consumer.CloseAsync();
}
```

## Read events from a partition, starting from a specific date and time

> When reading event from a partition, consumers can request to begin reading from the partition's event stream at a specific point in time.  This example illustrates reading events starting with an hour prior to the current time, and will do so for 30 seconds regardless of how many events have been read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading event from a partition, consumers can request to begin reading from the partition's event stream at a specific point in time.  This example illustrates reading as many events as possible for a duration of 30 seconds starting with an hour prior to the current time.
```

Author: I tweaked the verbiage a bit, but wanted to keep the lead focus on "we're starting with stuff that was an hour old."    Hopefully, it fixes the awkwardness of what I had without causing confusion between "we're starting with an hour ago" and "we're cancelling this puppy after 30 seconds."

Because the receiver endeavors to avoid adding overhead, it does not follow the patterns established in the `EventHubConsumerClient` nor offer some of its convenience.  Of particular note is that the model for reading events is based on polling with its `ReceiveBatchAsync` method instead of an iterator.  It is also important to be aware that the transport library is timeout-based and will not honor cancellation when a service operation is active.  
This example illustrates the basic flow of reading events and will do so for 30 seconds regardless of how many events have been read.

```C# Snippet:EventHubs_Sample05_ReadPartitionWithReceiver
var connectionString = "<< CONNECTION STRING FOR THE EVENT HUBS NAMESPACE >>";
var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";
var consumerGroup = EventHubConsumerClient.DefaultConsumerGroupName;

using CancellationTokenSource cancellationSource = new CancellationTokenSource();

> cancellationSource.CancelAfter(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(45));

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be 30?

Author: uh.... yup.   😄
